oh hello the lighting is gonna be a
little weird but I wanted to do a super
quick video to test out something I
needed this
I'm gonna make a DIY dry shampoo because
my hair is greasy and they're not really
even supposed to you like wash your hair
everyday anyway but especially when your
hair is color treated or especially when
it's red its the hardest hair color to
maintain you need to use dry shampoo so
that you don't get greasy hair and I've
never tried this before and I want to do
sort of a tutorial slash test video okay
we just brushed my hair not real fast as
you can see it's greasy already and I
will show you pictures of how crazy it
is right now
all right so recipe calls for one
tablespoon of cornstarch 1 tablespoon of
witch hazel so I will just
major that it
and one tablespoon of water needs cold
water because cornstarch
oh I'm sorry three tablespoons of water
you
three No
super paste going on right here I'm
sorry for the light guys it's the
fluorescent usually I have time to fix
the lighting but kind of gonna go out
the door nada I just wanted to make my
hair and eat greasy fried so mix it up
just like so oh by the way you can
substitute witch hazel for rubbing
alcohol and then I need a spray bottle
which I have right here and I just
emptied the contents
and I'm just gonna funnel that in here
all right here this is extra shake and
I'm just gonna spray this in my root
area
hands will be read
I've never tried drag dry shampoo before
so I don't know how this will work
but very much recommended if you have
colored hair red is the most awesome
hair color but the most difficult one to
maintain you wash it constantly I'm
gonna rub that into my scalp it will
fade really fast and a good idea
probably to add some essential oils to
this for some scent
not leave your chair can smell fresher I
don't have any well I do but I have no
idea where so we'll try this plane for
now and then later on
I will try this again with essential oil
this is more of a test video ok good
saturation going now I'm letting my
scalp absorb all that the idea is that
the cornstarch will absorb the oils and
it will decrease goodbye your hair and
witch hazel it's an awesome awesome
thing it's a natural astringent I use it
mostly for RS diaper stuff but for this
I guess it works too so most of the oil
really is concentrated on the scalp
anyway so I'm not worried about the end
so much next I'm going to blow-dry my
hair a little bit
it worked anymore
my expectations for this oh my gosh I'm
so glad I didn't spend that money on the
dry shampoo because this totally works
you know also be our life stuff is
really bogus well and Isis very much oh
hope you guys enjoy this video thanks
for watching please give it a thumbs up
because it helps a lot and please
subscribe for more videos and by the way
I'm gonna do some sidecut hair styling
video pretty soon so stay tuned for that
bye